Clarify naming in Step 11 (#10646)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/mac-jamfpro-policies.md

## Step 11: Deploy Microsoft Defender for Endpoint on macOS

> [!NOTE]

> > In the steps below, the name of the `.pkg` file and the **Display Name** values are examples. In these examples, `200329` represents the date on which the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In the steps that follow, the name of the `.pkg` file and the **Display Name** values are examples. In these examples, `200329` represents the date on which the
```
